Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Joyce.
Oh. my love.
Hey.
Last night.
and then this morning…
…you were amazing.
You served it so well.
Stop.
-Stop what?
-Stop it. Jo.
And now?
What have I done?
-We need to talk. please.
-Talk about what?
-Talk about what. Joyce?
-Jo…
Uh. Mom. can you sign some--
Ooh! Uh. I'm… I'm so sorry.
-Sorry. it just…
-Dad?
Mpume. wait.
Well…
What are you laughing at?
This is not funny.
It's not funny.
Can you see she's sneaking around?
Jo. stop.
I'm really not trying
to confuse the kids anymore.
-Joyce. Joyce. Joyce.
-What?
Wait. wait. wait. wait. Wait.
How are we confusing them?
Hmm?
I'm their father. right?
I'm your husband.
Hmm?
Right?
-Right?
-Jonasi.
Can you just please…
-I… I think.
-Come here.
What?
I'm here.
I'm here. my love. I'm here.
He must wake up and eat.
-Our dad is upstairs.
-He is getting so big.
-Huh?
-Dad is upstairs.
-When did he get here?
-He was in bed with Mom.
You idiot.
And she must've been drunk
'cause what the hell.
Stop it. Mpume. Watch your mouth.
Or I'll put you in your place right now.
Oh. Joyce. Joyce. Joyce.
Stop it. Stop.
Good morning.
-Oh. Good morning.
-Good morning.
-Good morning. Good morning.
-Wow. Ntombi.
This meal looks amazing.
-Thank you so much.
-Yeah. It looks good.
Thank you. ma'am.
But I didn't prepare for Mr. Gomora.
-Oh.
-Oh?
No. no. It's fine. Don't worry.
Princess.
Please move. my love.
so Dad can sit in his chair.
Oh. no. it's fine. my love.
It's fine.
My baby girl is all grown up now. Hmm?
Are you the first lady of the house?
Ah. It's okay. my love.
I'll sit here and eat.
It's fine.
Well. then.
Thank you. daughter. Thank you.
-There we go.
-It's good to have you back. my son.
-Thank you. Ma.
-Thank you.
Ntombi.
Mmm.
Son.
-Hi. Dad.
-Mmm. How are you?
-Um. I'm good.
-That's good.
-Should I dish for you?
-Dish up. my love. dish up.
Hmm.
No. come on.
Wow.
Menzi. why is Mom going on and pretending
like the last 12 months didn't happen?
Mom and Dad are clearly in love.
You should stay out of their business.
Really. Menzi? Love?
We were picking her up from the floor
when she was drinking.
She was going through a depression
because your father left us.
We're calling that love now?
Joyce. Joyce
Here's your ginger tea.
I made it
just the way you like it. my love.
Mmm.
Jo.
What exactly is happening between us?
Uh. you know…
We know…
I'm looking for my golf gloves.
They aren't in the usual place.
Oh? Maybe they're with
that lover of yours.
Who knows?
Well then. they got lost in the fire.
-Ah. I'm just kidding.
-Uh-uh. No. no. It's too soon.
Mmm.
Oh. well. Doesn't matter.
I'll just get new ones.
See you later?
-Hmm?
-Um…
Then we'll pick up from where we left off.
All right.
Your tea.
So what's up with this Lindani and Xolani?
Dad has left us before. Menzi.
He'll do it again.
Don't say I didn't warn you.
-I wanna play the whole day.
-No. I won't play the whole day.
I'm so stressed. eh.
I want you to know that
I am winning the 10.000-bucks bet today.
-Let's make it one million.
-Sorry!
A million bucks? No way.
Excuse me. sir. I'm talking to you.
Hello.
Hello to you too.
You didn't sleep at home last night.
Where were you? Were you with Joyce?
What were you doing together?
Had sex?
Was it nice?
Don't talk to me like that.
Do you understand?
When are you returning. Jonasi?
When are you coming back?
-Let's go. bro.
-I'm talking to you.
Wow!
Can't change what he is!
Trinity. hi.
How are you. Joycee?
I'm good. thanks. And how are you?
So. about our last meeting.
we've made a decision that
we'd like to keep you on as ambassador
of Ivory Oasis Baths.
Wow.
Thank you. This is amazing news.
I'm so happy. And I hope you know
that means more campaigns. right?
Yes. we definitely will.
We love making lots of money. dear.
Thank you so much. dear.
Can I please talk to you later?
I need to deal with something urgently.
What's she doing here now?
I'm surprised to see you here. Joyce.
I didn't know you made it to these parts.
Don't be silly. Essie.
You know I do. I just…
I'm just always pressed for time.
But your house is so beautiful.
I love the way you've decorated it.
It's so retro.
Joyce.
What are you doing here?
Jonasi has come back.
What's wrong? Do you want him to leave?
Oh. No.
So?
Be happy that he's back.
What's the problem?
Essie. I want him to stay for good.
for him to stay with his family.
I want him to be done
with all this nonsense he's been doing.
Listen. Magesh is a really good man.
But…
I'm sure. as a woman.
you've heard the rumours going around
about him out there.
Please tell me.
How are you able to stay with Magesh?
I've never lied to myself.
I know that all men are like this.
Come on. so…
Men will always be men. and ends there?
You know what all men want?
Only peace.
There's no way. Essie.
Stop being a nuisance.
Stop nagging and shouting at him.
You've taken the bedroom's fun out of it.
It feels like a courtroom now.
If he sleeps out.
when he comes home. he must come back
to a loving home full of warmth.
Make him breakfast.
laugh and keep him happy.
Do you see all these homes out there?
Why do you think they're still standing?
Because of their loving husbands?
Or because they're well-behaved?
Oh. please.
All of these women have endured hardships.
That's why these families
are still together.
Hello. you.
Hello.
And how was your day?
It's better now.
Because I'm with you.
Jo?
Fuck!
Where are you going?
Oh. my brother. There's this place
called none of your business.
-Heard of it?
-You're such an idiot.
Have you guys seen your father?
He's gone again? No surprise there.
And why are you all staring at me?
Son. come help me with these. Come.
Help me with these. Yeah. There we go.
That's my son.
-Morning. my love. You good?
-My love.
Mmm.
And now? Where are you going?
You know that it's Sunday.
-Mm-hmm.
-We're having a barbecue.
-Barbecue Sunday?
-Yes.
Since when?
Someone hasn't been around
for over a year.
Have you forgotten that we used
to marinate the meat together?
Mm-hmm? You used to love that.
Aren't you happy
your parents are back together?
Let's braai some meat.
-Let's braai some meat.
-Let's have a braai.
Right. My son. let's go braai.
Make the fire. Let's go.
-There's also a bottle of wine.
-You and I need to go talk.
No. no!
-Not in front of the kids.
-No. no. no.
You are really brave. Magesh.
So you really married Essie.
even with her problematic son. Freedom?
Mmm.
Then there's sweet little Sarah.
How is she?
Ah. She's all right.
Magesh. don't be scared to bring them.
You shouldn't hide them.
I mean. you shouldn't be ashamed.
They are your family.
They didn't create themselves. right?
-Oh. yeah.
-You should bring them.
-Aunt Ntombi. how are you?
-I'm good.
-Granny.
-Knock-knock. Hi. Grandma Grace.
Am I your grandmother?
Why are you wearing such a short dress?
It's a dress.
-This beer is warm.
-Don't mind her.
-Let me get a cold one.
-Okay. No problem. Magesh.
-Okay.
-Don't mind her. It's the sherry speaking.
Um. but on a serious note. friend.
thank you so much for coming.
I wouldn't have been able
to do this alone.
Oh. I'll always show up for you.
It's just a bit weird. though.
Why everyone is acting
like nothing happened at all?
Bro. it's so weird.
Got you. girl.
Okay. so…
-Hey. Menzi.
-Dad?
Why are you staring at that girl
like that? What… What's wrong with you?
No. I…
-I wasn't staring at her.
-Ah. You're lying.
This boy is lying.
She's gorgeous.
-Go get her.
-Yes. girl.
She has a boyfriend.
And so? What does that mean?
Listen here.
What's the old saying. brother?
You find a partner from someone else.
-Take her from him.
-Take her from him. Stop messing around.
Joyce. you need to stop wearing
this tracksuit. dear.
Stop it. Mom.
Are we talking about the tracksuit again?
It's Fendi. It's Fendi.
I don't care that it's Fendi.
I really don't care.
Men are visual creatures.
He'll be turned off if he sees you
dressed up like this. I'm telling you.
Jo!
Goodness. did you hear that?
-What's wrong? Why are you shouting?
-Hey. hey. hey!
Hey. Hey. hey. hey.
You have some nerve
setting foot in my house.
I'm here to fetch my man.
Here? In my home?
Have you not lost it. perhaps?
Leave. Matipa.
Unfortunately. old lady.
I won't be able to do that.
Not until I've spoken to him.
Well. clearly the beating
I gave you last time wasn't enough.
You really want to test me. huh?
I'll give you a real beating today.
What did you just say?
Gesh. I need to speak to Jonasi.
Leave.
Now.
Tell me what it is.
Hmm?
-What are you talking about?
-What is it about that man
that makes you guys
degrade yourself like this?
What happened between
your father and I doesn't concern you.
Everything that man does
affects all of us.
Listen. you're smart. you're beautiful.
Choose yourself.
What you're trying to do is commendable.
Cute. even.
Trying to fight your mother's battles.
But I'll tell you one thing.
stay out of grown people's business.
Hi. you little skanky whore.
What do you want?
I just wanted to warn you
not to get too comfortable too soon.
Really?
You know.
judging from what I saw yesterday.
I doubt I'd have to worry about you. okay.
You know. he called me last night.
He says he misses me.
He may be with you right now.
living in that little house of yours.
But what do you think will happen
when he's with me at work all day long?
I'm not laughing. Matipa.
I'm just wondering
if you realise how sad this has become.
Quite pathetic. really. aren't you?
You're the pathetic one. Joyce.
The man chose another woman over you.
and you're happy with that?
How can you accept a man
who's sleeping with another woman?
How can you. Matipa?
Huh?
Listen here.
Word to the wise. sweetie.
Get a fucking life
with a man that's not married.
You fucking bitch.
-Wow.
-Mom.
Mom. please don't.
Anxiety pills? Since when?
They're herbal pills.
They don't do much.
They just calm me down a bit.
There's a broker that
I'd like for you to meet with.
He's really good at helping women
secure their future.
He can help you with an offshore account.
So you can also have
your own money saved up.
If I had done the same before your father
passed away. I wouldn't have lost it all.
With all due respect. Mom.
you're confusing me. Ma.
I mean.
wasn't it you who was busy lecturing me
on what to wear
in order to seduce my husband?
And now you're talking to me
about offshore accounts?
How does that make any sense?
Listen.
Their father is back
and he's here for good.
Can you please just understand that?
And leave me alone.
Hold on. Did you tell Jabulani
there's an emergency here?
How else was I supposed
to get your attention. Jonasi?
What the fuck is going on with you?
A week ago.
we sent your wife divorce papers.
What changed?
That's enough now. Do you hear me?
Do you remember what you said to me?
What did I say?
You said you wouldn't be going
to that stupid anniversary party.
-Mmm.
-And then. look what happened.
You went there and never returned.
What's going on? What's going on. Jonasi?
I went home
to see my wife.
Wow.
Is that what we're doing now?
You're throwing that in my face?
You know… …if I knew that
you would end up acting like this.
I wouldn't have started
this thing between us.
because you're behaving like a child
right now.
-Mmm.
-You know.
I can't even have peace at work.
at my place of work.
-Oh. really?
-Mm-hmm.
Mm-hmm.
Now tell me.
-Okay. okay.
-Are you sure about what you're doing?
Huh?
What are you doing? What are you doing?
Are you sure you want to throw away
everything I do for you?
Everything I give you. Jonasi?
Huh? Answer me. I'm talking to you.
What do you want me to say?
I want you to answer me.
Ah. Matipa Nkosi.
Hi. Gesh.
You know. the only thing I ever wanted
was to give you all my love.
It's a pity.
you chose the wrong brother.
-So long. you office whore.
-Ah. fuck off. please.
Why don't you go tell your wife
that bloody nonsense?
What a damn fool.
Don't disrespect me.
Whoa. Hey.
What a nice surprise. You're here?
You know.
I was just about to return your calls.
Oh. and I saw your missed calls.
What's wrong. love?
What's going on?
Tell me. Jo. How long would it take?
Will it be today or tomorrow?
When will it be real?
My love. what are you talking about? What?
What I won't allow you to do to me
is to make me a fool for the second time.
Oh. come on.
I refuse. Jonasi. to go through the same
roller coaster with that girl Matipa.
-My love. where is this coming from?
-You two work together.
You're here together every single day.
So. tell me.
how long before her claws are in you
and she grabs you at your weakest. Jonasi?
-Tell me. Huh?
-Oh. so I'm weak now?
Jonasi.
I won't allow myself to repeat. ever.
being in that position again.
Understood?
Okay.
Um. Mr. Gomora wants
to see you in his office.
Oh. finally.
I guess he's coming back to his senses.
Buhle. please make sure
I'm not interrupted by any calls.
Understood?
Sure.
Thank you.
What's this?
Take a seat.
I'll stand.
-Please sit.
-I said I'll stand.
Mmm.
My husband and I
have come to the decision that
all the service you have given us
so exceptionally
are no longer required.
So…
…you're dismissed.
Effective immediately.
I'm…
Is this a joke?
HR department will be in touch with you
to discuss your termination.
Absolutely fucking not. Jo.
On what grounds am I being dismissed?
Tell me…
loyal husband.
Father of her children.
What were we doing this morning?
Or were you making me a fool?
Hold it right there.
Accept this reality.
You don't want to make an enemy of me.
You see. Jonasi.
you and that old hag.
you will regret this.
I will take this company
to the fucking cleaners.
You try that.
It's over.
Mmm.
Yeah.
A man amongst men.
Hmm?
Gomora.
My husband.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today